I wrote a simple GUI app with Python and Tkinter, "Budget Buddy". The application launches with a form that allows users to submit their information such as first name, last name, username, password, and confirm password. I then added validation to ensure that all the fields are not empty, that the passwords are the same, and that the password has at least 8 characters. When the user signs up, their data is written to a file called users. txt. I have also designed a login window which opens after registration. It displays a message and takes the user to the budget dashboard when the user clicks the login button.
On the Budget dashboard, users can input their income, fixed expenses, variable expenses and debts. The app calculates how much they are spending altogether, and how much money they have remaining. If the user enters something that isn’t a number, the app displays an error message. Functions to compile the code Messages to guide the users as the code runs.
Some of the difficulties I am encountering with my code are that when I enter a username and password the file does not check to see if the username and password are valid according to those stored in the file. I haven't put any images into the app yet, it is something I need to do for the project. I haven't had time to test or make a user manual yet. I would also like to include a way for users to log out or end their session correctly.
Next step is upgrading the login system to check/save the user info. I will also include a minimum of two pictures in the app with short descriptions. I’ll write some test data and log the results to see how the app deals with various inputs. I also need to put together a user manual that explains how to use the app. Last but not the least, I will make my code a bit more organized, push the project to GitHub and share the link.
